[♪♪♪]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪ Young man goes out ♪
♪ Looking for the diamond in the sea ♪
♪ Old man rows his boat to shore ♪
♪ And falls on twisted knees ♪
♪ And you'll drown
Before the water lets you in ♪
Before the water lets you in ♪♪
[John] Sometimes...
you know something's coming.
You feel it...
in the air.
In your gut.
You don't sleep at night.
The voice in your head's
telling you that something...
is gonna go terribly wrong.
And there's nothing
you can do to stop it.
[♪♪♪]
That's how I felt
when my brother came home.
[alarm beeping]
Oh. shit. Shit. Shit. Goddamn it.
[both moaning]
Hey. this weekend's
supposed to be fun.
- I'm sure it will be.
- Heh.
Good. Do not make me remind you again.
- All right. We got everything?
- I'm good to go.
This freshwater Wall Streeter
wants a teak slider.
All right.
Clean her up and get her
back to his boat slip in Big Pine.
- You know I'll make it look pretty.
- All right.
- Hey?
- Yup.
- Party like it's 1999. Ha-ha-ha.
- I plan to. I plan to.
[cell phone ringing]
- Shit. Where is it?
- Shit. I got it.
- Here it is. It's your mother.
- Fuck.
Hey. Mama.
Oh. shit. It went to voicemail.
Alec. you gotta go.
Well. tell your mother I said hello.
[both laughing]
[♪♪♪]
[woman]
This is our favorite hotel in the Keys.
There must be some way
we can stay an extra night.
Oh. I wish you could.
I really do. but I'm afraid
this is the one weekend
where it's just not possible.
Gwen. could you check Mr. and Mrs. Weller
out of Bungalow 4?
Feels like you're
banishing us from paradise.
I know. I'm sorry. Come back.
[♪♪♪]
[Sally]
There are my grandkids.
- Hey. Benjamin.
- Hey. Mama Ray.
[Sally]
How's my girl?
Everything all right?
Oh. stragglers are still checking out.
your father's not back.
and Meg won't answer my calls.
So you tell me.
[♪♪♪]
Oh. when's the bus coming in?
About a half hour.
You better hurry. then.
You know how your brother can be.
[gasps]
[♪♪♪]
[groaning]
[man over PA]
Next stop. Tavernier.
Hey. hey! How you doing. Benito?
- [Ben] Hey. Uncle Kevin.
- You're looking cut. my friend.
- How you doing?
- Good. Good.
Ready to come over to the dark side?
- Am I gonna be on your team?
- Yeah. If you wanna beat this old guy.
Don't go poaching my players.
You're stuck with me. you're my anchor.
Do me a favor. Let Mom know you're here.
I gotta go to the bus stop.
You're gonna go pick him up?
He's a grown man.
He can't get here himself?
John. you know I love you. brother.
I have sexy dreams about you.
[♪♪♪]
Hey. Manny. Just put it wherever you want.
I know there's gonna be overflow.
- Yeah. Miss Rayburn.
- Can you pop the trunk?
Yeah.
- Where you going? The bus station?
- Yup.
Good luck with that.
[woman]
Did you write something for tonight?
Mama! Sorry I'm late.
- [Sally] I was worried about you.
- Forgot your dress. Had to go back.
You didn't forget my dress.
you stopped to see Marco.
- What are you talking about?
- You're flushed.
- It's hot.
- And your hair is a mess.
Oh. great. The linen truck is MIA.
Mom. Mom. you're not running
a hotel today.
The people you invited this weekend
are your family and friends.
They love you. Nothing can go wrong.
Well. that's just stupid.
A lot can go wrong.
Sit down. I'm gonna have
Didi make you a very large gimlet.
And you are going to relax.
And you're going to enjoy yourself.
I'll feel a whole lot better when
all my children are together in one place.
Where are you going?
This was a bad idea.
[♪♪♪]
[man over PA]
Next stop. Islamorada.
[♪♪♪]
What can I do for you. sir?
How much for a ticket back to Miami?
Forty-seven fifty.
That too much?
- Why. can I get one cheaper?
- Ha. ha. Nope.
[♪♪♪]
Fuck.
Hey. Danny. it's me. I'm at the
Islamorada bus stop. and you're not.
Uh. give me a call when you get this.
would you. please?
[man] It'll be here in two hours.
[♪♪♪]
[all cheer]
[over speakers]
♪ Up in the air so high ♪
♪ Over the city ♪
♪ We can sail away like dreamers do ♪
- Cheers.
- [man] Cheers.
♪ Me and you ♪
♪ Let's take the train ♪
♪ Across the land
We'll choo-choo ♪♪
I know. It's great to see them too.
I can't believe how big the kids are.
Let me ask you something. Is she not
the most beautiful woman in the world?
Really? You've never left the Keys.
I went to Orlando once.
but it was too cold.
[boat horn blaring]
[rock music playing over speakers]
You said the grouper was fresh.
It is fresh.
No. It's not.
And the slaw is soggy.
I'm not paying for that.
All this shit's a week old.
[John on voicemail] Hey. Danny.
I've called you a couple times.
Uh. where are you? Give me a call.
[Eric]
Burnzy?
Holy shit!
What the hell are you doing here. man?
Hey. Jeanie.
Welcome to the annual
Rayburn Family Rope Pull!
[all cheering]
It is my pleasure. my distinct pleasure...
Shut up.
...to introduce to you the most brilliant.
the most talented.
and the best-looking group
of rope-pullers ever in one place.
On the other hand.
these 20 or so pathetic souls
have volunteered
to be on my brother John's team.
who has abandoned you all. so
my sister Meg has agreed to take over.
[all cheering]
[bus horn honking]
Come on. Danny.
Don't fucking do this.
[country music playing over speakers]
[Eric]
You really heading back up to Miami?
Why don't you stick around
for the big Rayburn circle jerk?
[both laughing]
No. I hear they're naming the south pier
after your old man. That's a fucking joke.
Yeah. No. I gotta head up north.
I got stuff I gotta tend to.
Oh. what happened with the. uh...
The. uh. seafood joint
you were thinking about?
- I opened it.
- You did? No shit. man.
Fucking A. that's great.
No. I got out.
Restaurant business is shit.
Truth is I trusted these dudes. man.
Bad dudes. Wrong dudes to trust.
Now I'm in a bit of a hole.
[sniffs] You need a little cash?
Maybe I find you something? Hmm?
- Doing what? Exactly.
- I got something going. Heh. heh.
You say yes. and I'll tell you.
[ringtone playing on cell phone]
Yeah. It's Eric.
Hey. it's John Rayburn.
Johnny-Fucking-Be-Good-Rayburn.
Hmm? Is there a problem. sheriff?
I've been reporting to my parole officer.
Listen. Danny told me
he was gonna be in town.
I was wondering if you heard from him.
No. I haven't spoken
to Danny boy since before last Christmas.
But if that little prick's in town.
why don't you tell him
to pick up the fucking phone?
- All right.
- Give my best to that Rayburn clan. okay?
I'm over and out.
Fucking pope is looking for you.
[Eric sighs]
So. what's it gonna be?
I'm pulling a job this week.
You want me to cut you in?
Hmm? Easiest score you'll ever make.
[Sally] Distinguished guests.
I want a fair fight!
- But if you lose...
- Get ready to swim.
Don't bother
to show your face at dinner.
[whistle blows]
[shrieks]
[Sally]
Have fun and use your...!
Come on. Come on.
[all shouting]
[♪♪♪]
You missed it.
Meg took your team.
I'm sorry.
Oh. it's just a silly game.
[screams]
Come on. in the middle.
No. I mean Danny.
He didn't show. I'm sorry.
It's fine.
[♪♪♪]
I'm fine.
Truly.
[people chattering indistinctly]
Hey! Who chose those teams?
Who chose them?
[Sally]
Oh. you little rat.
[laughing]
Oh. you little dickens. you.
Where have you been?
I've been coming here. What?
Are you just gonna stand up here
while your sister gets her ass beat?
Come on.
I've been traveling here. I'm coming.
I've been headed here.
like a freight train.
[John] I couldn't have known then
where all this was gonna end up.
[♪♪♪]
[panting]
[thunder rumbling]
I didn't know why
he decided to come back.
I didn't know then
what he's running from.
None of us did.
[grunting]
I just knew he was
always getting into trouble.
And I was always
coming to his rescue.
Trying to save him from himself.
[gasping]
But this time...
I didn't know whether
I'd be able to save him.
[band playing upbeat Caribbean music]
[chattering]
Thanks. sweetheart.
[Meg] It's crazy.
Your kids are growing up so fast.
Yeah. it's awesome. It's a constant
reminder of how old I'm getting.
[both chuckle]
Speaking of which.
where are you at with the whole
get married. get pregnant.
start a family thing?
Is my mother paying you
to have this conversation?
- She should be.
- Yeah. I know.
It's kind of hard to have kids
if you don't have a man.
Clearly my boyfriend
has abandoned me. So... Oh!
- Hey. We were just talking about you.
- Yeah?
[Meg]
I missed you.
[Meg laughing]
All right. Cool it.
Keep it in your pants. you two.
[Danny]
Hey. Mr. Mister.
can we squeeze in
an extra chair at the main table?
- Oh. no. I have a chair for you.
- No. No.
It's not for me. I've invited someone.
- Someone. like a date? Oh.
- Yeah.
Exactly like a date.
Nobody told me
you were bringing anyone.
Well. I'm telling you now.
Thanks.
- What?
- What do you think that's about?
[band playing jazz music]
- Kev. Kevin.
- I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
- Extra chair. not a problem?
- Not a problem.
- I appreciate it.
- No big deal.
[Kevin]
What's no big deal?
Nothing. Everything is fine.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
[all applauding]
[band playing upbeat Caribbean music]
- Who's this girl?
- What difference does it make?
Well. Mom and Dad haven't met her.
None of us have met her.
You want her to sit at the family table?
Well. hold on. Hold on.
- Your wife's sitting at the table.
- We're married. dude.
- John's wife's sitting at the table.
- That's different.
That's family. Literally.
- What about Meg's boyfriend?
- Marco? His name is Marco.
The guy that she's engaged to?
- We are not really engaged.
- You've been together for five years.
I'm not gonna make her sit on her own.
She doesn't know anyone.
That's the point. Danny.
What's the problem?
Danny brought a date.
Yeah. it's a big crisis.
Glad you're here to sort it out.
He wants her to sit at the family table.
You know how Mom and Dad are
about these things. She's not family.
Well. I'm confused because I'm family.
She's here with me.
Don't act like you don't know
what you're doing.
You know exactly
what you're fucking doing.
- What am I doing?
- You're so full of shit.
[Meg]
People can hear you.
Help us out here. Who is she?
Her name's Sheryl.
So I guess she's Sheryl.
Sheryl's gonna make everyone at the table
feel a little uncomfortable.
But you know that. right?
- You know that. You like that.
- Don't do this.
Is that true. really?
- I think you get off on this shit.
- You need to calm down.
He gets off on this shit.
Someone's gotta call him on it.
Is this gonna make you
feel uncomfortable? Is it?
You know what we're doing?
We're thinking about Mom and Dad.
Okay. Meg. you?
I don't care. I just want everybody
to chill out. People can hear us.
The only one here
that's all worked up is you.
- I'm gonna go tell Gwen to add a chair.
- No. We're not giving in to him.
We're not giving in to him. This isn't
gonna be the fucking Danny show.
I'm not gonna do it this time. Dan.
Okay. Fine. Okay?
Sheryl will sit somewhere else.
- I'll go sit with Sheryl.
- [Kevin] All right. Very good.
- No.
- [Danny] Yeah. I'll sit with Sheryl.
No. You're not gonna do that.
That's gonna upset Mom.
If you're not sitting at the family table.
that upsets Mom.
It's the fucking family table. Why is this
so difficult for you to understand?
[Danny] You think I'm gonna fucking invite
a date and not sit with her?
You shouldn't have invited the date.
Shut the fuck up.
If that's gonna be a problem with Mom.
that's on your head.
Just walk away. Just walk away.
It wasn't a problem
until you fucking made it one.
All right.
[Robert speaks indistinctly]
[Robert laughs]
[Robert] Forty-five years ago...
It's hard to believe.
Forty-five years ago this weekend.
me and my Sally.
we opened the doors to this place.
[all cheering]
Thanks.
Ah. y'all got such a great family.
Um. Sally was pregnant. of course.
And I was a little bit nervous.
I was scared shitless. actually.
[all laughing]
Your daddy's funny.
[Sheryl laughing]
I mean. what did I know about raising
babies or running a hotel or anything?
When you meet a woman like Sally...
[both laughing]
She makes you strong.
She makes you brave.
She makes you believe
that anything is possible.
And looking around here tonight
at all these people. and my family.
and everything.
I realize that she was on the right track.
Stand up.
[all cheering]
[Kevin]
I love you. Mom.
Now. in case you haven't heard.
there's a pier
being dedicated to us.
the Rayburn family here.
in a few days off the coast highway.
Just a couple of planks. but I'm glad
you're all here to help us celebrate that.
[scattered applause]
There's something else I wanna say.
and I'm not quite sure how to say it.
Um...
Many years ago.
we had us some trouble.
I recognize some of the people here
who helped us through that.
I probably should have
thanked you back then.
But I didn't.
and I'd like to thank you tonight.
Before I sit down. I'd like to say
a few words about my kids.
[chuckles]
Um. there's Meg.
my sunshine. who went north
to Tallahassee to study law
up in Yankee country.
[all chuckle]
And then there's Kevin. my youngest son.
whose love of the sea and life.
and the 3:00 cocktail... kept him here.
Woo-hoo! Thank you.
And of course there's John.
who likes taking care of people
so much that he decided
to take care of the whole bunch of us.
not just the family.
the whole damn island.
And then... Oh. yeah.
Last but not least is my oldest...
Mmm...
Uh. Danny.
The one who got away. you might say.
But he always finds
a reason to come back.
Even if it is to ask for money.
[laughs]
I'm only kidding.
Weekend wouldn't be the same
without you.
I wouldn't miss it. Dad.
I think I'll sit down
and shut up now. Thank you.
[Kevin]
Well done. Dad.
[all cheering and applauding]
Um...
I'd like to say a couple of words.
- Just a couple of words if I may. Dad.
- [Robert] Sure. Sure.
Here you go.
[Danny]
Uh...
Can I borrow a 20?
Just a 20.
[all laughing and applauding]
To the Rayburns.
[all cheer]
To the fucking Rayburns!
[band playing salsa music]
- Hey. you.
- You just took the whole bottle. did you?
Boy. you've got a lot of energy.
Oh. my gosh.
- Holy cow. Whoo!
- Yeah. just like that.
[Kevin] Hey. babe. She started it.
She started it. She started it!
Looks like your friend's
enjoying herself.
Yeah. She could be the one.
[Kevin]
Come on.
[Sheryl whoops]
- You okay?
- Yeah. Thanks.
About time she went home. huh?
You haven't had a chance
to dance with her yet.
I don't dance with other women.
Still kayaking. Dad?
- [Robert] Every day.
- Oh. yeah?
How's your time these days?
I don't miss a stroke.
Glad to hear it.
[laughing]
You look good. Dad.
- How you doing? You all right?
- Yeah. Nothing I can't handle.
You go enjoy your family.
[Danny laughing]
[drum beating]
[♪♪♪]
[people chattering and whooping
in distance]
[all cheering]
All right. Janey's back in bed.
and I think Ben is watching porn.
Wow. Takes after his dad.
You know.
The AC in the guest room's on the fritz.
Gonna have to use the fan.
That's no problem.
- Night. sweetheart.
- Night.
- See you soon.
- See you in a second.
- Good night.
Something's always
broken in this damn house.
- What's that?
- Blood pressure medication.
You got high blood pressure?
I'm managing it.
Hey. I'm sorry about leaving you
stranded at the bus stop like that.
Don't worry about it.
I got off at Key Largo. I was gonna
go see a buddy. I tried to call you.
- It's fine. Don't worry about it.
- It's flat.
I mean. it's flat. I need to borrow
a charger. Can I get a charger?
I'm just glad you showed up.
You made Mom very happy.
Hey. Surf. come on. let's go.
Come on. Let's go for a walk.
Come on. Be back in a second.
[♪♪♪]
[whistling]
[John]
Come on. buddy.
[cell phone rings]
Marco. what's going on?
[Marco] Just got a call
from marine dispatch.
They found something in the mangroves.
Want me to pick you up?
No. I'll meet you guys
down at the dock.
- Okay. See you there.
- Yeah.
- Oh. shit.
- [Danny] Everything all right?
Yeah. just got some stuff
I gotta deal with at work.
Gotta go out on a call.
[John whistles]
Hey. come on. Surf.
get away from the water.
You got problems with the gators?
Yeah. one of the neighbors
lost a cat last week.
Oh.
Wow. it's beautiful out here.
Yeah. All right. come on. Let's go.
Hey. listen.
I'll talk to you in the morning.
Yeah. Yeah. yeah. Sure.
Hey. can you hang on a second?
I wanna run an idea by you.
And. uh. if you think it's shit.
let me know.
Okay?
- All right.
- Okay.
I was thinking of coming back.
- Come back where?
- Home.
- Why?
- I miss it here.
Oh. What are you gonna do here?
I'm gonna help Mom and Dad
in the business.
Yeah. you think it's shit.
You think it's a bad idea.
No. I didn't say that.
I didn't say that at all. I just. uh...
You know. every time you come home
you seem to be in a big hurry to leave.
I've never had a reason to stay.
If I had a home here.
I had a job here...
That'd be different.
- What about Dad?
- Yeah.
Obviously. So I was hoping
you would talk to him.
Look. man. if you're in trouble.
or you need money...
Fucking A. Why do you
always think I'm in trouble?
Come on.
- Because this doesn't make sense.
- Which part?
You're always on me about
how I don't talk to Mom enough.
how I don't respect the family.
Now I tell you I wanna come home.
and I wanna help out.
and that doesn't make sense to you.
You know what. I'm sorry.
Fuck. I'm sorry.
You want me to talk to Dad.
I'll talk to Dad. Of course I will.
Yeah. I do. I do. I really do.
Awesome.
- Do me a favor?
- Yeah.
Find my fucking dog for me.
[Danny laughing]
[Danny]
Yeah. You got it.
[♪♪♪]
[John]
I'm not saying I'm a hero for what I did.
A man's supposed to
look out for his brother.
That's what family's all about.
In a way. it wasn't just him
I was trying to save.
I was trying to save myself.
I was trying to save all of us.
[indistinct radio chatter]
Sorry to ruin the night.
[Diana] John. honey? Is that you?
Come to bed.
[Diana] This girl you brought
to the party.
-[Danny] Sheryl?
-Is that something serious?
I'm not sure. We'll see.
I met a good one a couple of months ago.
- Good lady.
- Yeah?
We go out a few times.
It was fine. good. perfectly normal.
- Good for you. Dan.
- Yeah.
And then. you know...
eventually...
We. you know.
start going at it. you know.
- Mm-hm.
- And. um. she says...
"Hit me."
Like "hit her" hit her.
Wanted me to hit her in the face.
What? Why?
I don't know. I told her
I don't do that kind of thing.
Well. good.
Heh.
I mean. truth is. I didn't really know
if I wanted to fuck her or not.
She says again. "Hit me."
And I said no again.
Then she whacks me with her fist.
And I thought she broke my nose.
I realized that she was doing it so.
you know. I'd get mad and I'd hit her.
- [John] Fred. how are you?
- [Fred] I'm good. John.
- [John] How long you been out here?
- Not too long.
How's this for timing?
Your big family weekend and all.
Yeah. it's the way it usually works out.
Out here fishing for some snook. man.
Going up and down the channel.
I saw that.
Figured I'd give you guys a call.
Just around the bend there.
So I hope you left.
No.
Because then she starts screaming.
kicking me.
And I fall off the bed.
You know. the lamp topples over.
Why didn't you just leave? Seems...
How could I? She came after me. right?
She's still screaming. carrying on.
I pin her down to the ground
and I tell her.
"You better calm the fuck down.
I will just leave."
- This is horrible.
- We'll pretend like nothing happened.
Yeah. Yeah.
What did she say?
She tells me how no one loves her.
And how now I'm just gonna leave
like everyone else leaves.
So now I feel bad for her.
- [Diana] Oh. man. This woman needs help.
- Yeah.
So I stayed the night with her.
I ended up seeing her for a few months.
I don't think it was meant to be.
It's so hard to find the right one.
I'm sure it's lonely.
Yeah.
I'd love to see John single.
I'd love to watch him play the field.
See what it's like.
Seriously. even just for a week.
[♪♪♪]
[John]
Hold it. Tommy.
Marco.
[insect buzzing]
Shit.
Tommy. keep it right there.
[Tommy]
Okay.
Jesus. John.
She can't be more than 16.
Call in the ME. Get a team down here.
Goddamn it. it's gonna be a long night.
[Danny]
Now. listen. man. I gotta talk to you.
This job. I... I appreciate it. the offer.
but I can't do it.
What the fuck? Why?
Looks like I'm gonna be
going to work with my parents.
I don't wanna fuck it up.
They asked you to come back?
John's talking to the old man about it.
Do you think he's gonna
welcome you back with open arms?
"Danny. come home."
John will take care of it.
How do you know?
'Cause that's what he does.
Takes care of shit.
There we go.
[Eric] Yum. yum. lunch.
Look at that beautiful bastard.
- Ha-ha-ha.
- I can get more.
Well. go. Cousteau.
Can't sit over these traps all day.
Dive.
[♪♪♪]
What do you got. man?
What is that?
Whoa. dude.
You're bleeding. bro.
Oh.
[ukulele playing]
[chattering]
[Robert singing indistinctly]
[people cheering]
♪ Do I have to be? ♪
♪ Can I get you anything? ♪
[John] How come you're not
out there playing?
[John grunts]
Thanks. You know. sometimes it's
just nice to sit back and watch your kids.
[John chuckles]
What's on your mind. Johnny?
Danny wants to come home.
Heh. Home? What does that mean.
"come home?"
He wants to help out with the business.
What makes him think we need help?
Just telling you what he said.
Oh. I see.
[screams]
Mom! Help!
I think he's serious this time. I think
this is something that he really wants.
And you think
I should let him come home?
My opinion is it makes Mom happier
when he's around.
Oh. yeah. It makes Mom happier.
until he fucks up again.
[woman]
Whoo! My hero!
[♪♪♪]
I think you three should
make the decision about Danny.
You discuss it with Meg and Kevin.
Whatever you decide.
I'll live with it.
♪ You are my sunshine
My only sunshine ♪
♪ You make me happy ♪
♪ When skies are gray ♪
[Kevin] Look. if we say yes.
no good will come of this.
You guys know it.
Things will be nice for a little while.
he'll be on his best behavior.
you know. just long enough
for Mom to get sucked back
into his bullshit.
Then he'll fuck it up.
and then she'll get crushed.
Don't be an asshole. You know what?
People can change.
People can change. he can't.
I just don't see
how we can say no to him.
What do you wanna do? Treat him
like an outcast for the rest of his life?
No. it's not personal. you know.
I like Danny. I like him. We can hang out.
We can have a laugh. but...
Danny helping
to run the family business?
We have to think about
Mom and Dad here.
Well. the thing is that Dad
left the decision with us. guys.
[Meg sighs]
I don't know why he did that.
Why do we have to decide?
He will fuck things up.
You know he will.
And fucking old Ruth
comes back home.
-[chattering indistinctly]
-[rock music playing over speakers]
[Eric]
Yeah. baby.
[all laughing and whooping]
[grunts and sniffs]
So John's gonna talk to your old man?
You need permission
to go work for your family.
That place is your fucking
birthright. man.
Yeah. Well...
Don't fucking go begging.
you know. those fucking assholes.
- Yeah. Okay.
- Okay?
Come work for me. man.
What do you say?
You stick around.
you make some big time scratch.
You won't need
a goddamn thing from the Rayburns.
Danny. I'm just saying
that your family...
they don't give
a fucking shit about you. man.
They don't give a shit...
Even when we were kids
they didn't give a shit about you.
They treat you like
you're some fucking plague.
- They do.
- Stop it. stop it.
Like they can't wait to get rid of you
or something.
I'm telling you as your friend.
as your buddy. okay. your family...
they're the enemy. man.
I think we have to
give him a chance.
It's asinine that
we're even considering this.
If we say no to him.
he will leave.
And I'm not so sure he'll come back.
Why? What makes you think that?
It's just a feeling I have.
You gotta fucking move on.
- Enough. all right?
- You gotta say. "Fuck my family."
Come on. You gotta get over it already.
Fuck your family.
Fuck the goddamn family business.
Fuck the fucking Rayburns.
They hate you. man. They always will.
Jesus fucking Christ.
Hey. man. Whoa. I'm just trying to help.
I'm on your side.
[Kevin]
So we say yes.
And he comes back. You know who's
gonna get the worst of it. don't you?
You.
[Meg grunts]
John. as soon as things turn to shit.
he's gonna come straight back to you.
There's a lot of shit Danny
did for me when we were kids
that you don't know anything about.
I want Danny in my life.
I want him to know my children.
Goddamn it.
you don't give up on family.
Do you want him to stay?
Yeah.
[woman] I was surprised
to see you get off that bus.
You should take it easy
with those things.
Why don't you try one?
No. I don't need any.
I'm not in any pain.
You gonna stay after the weekend?
Maybe I should go with you.
I don't think that's a good idea.
Stay or go.
It's not even up to me anymore.
Fuck it.
[chuckles]
Know what I wanna do right now?
-[Danny laughing]
-[woman shouts]
[woman]
What's the matter?
- Can't keep up?
- Oh!
[♪♪♪]
Hey. Wait!
[grunting and groaning]
[muffled shouting]
[coughing]
[Danny gasping]
[♪♪♪]
[man]
Is that Danny out there?
[chattering]
[♪♪♪]
Cover yourself. We have guests.
[Danny groaning]
[groans deeply]
[Danny]
Oh. shit...
[Danny coughing]
[Danny] I can't remember
the first time that I caught a fish.
Can you?
[John]
You must have been with Dad.
[Danny]
You remember yours?
[John]
No.
Oh. man. I do. Heh.
You hooked a tarpon. Fucking hooked
a tarpon. Thing was twice your size.
But Dad... he wasn't gonna help you.
He wanted you to reel it in yourself.
I don't remember.
Okay. Oh. man.
Oh. I fucked up last night.
I can't even remember what happened.
I know it's not. um...
easy having me here.
And I'm sure you. you know...
- don't want me here.
- That's not true.
That money I owe you.
I'm gonna pay it all back.
I been keeping track of it.
I'm paying it back with interest.
Dad gave me his answer.
Oh...
I'm sorry. man. It's not gonna work out.
[Danny sighs]
That's what he said?
He don't want me back?
No. he didn't put it that way. He just...
And what did you say?
He's just not ready for it.
It's not a good time.
No. is that what he thinks?
Or what you think?
Don't do that. You asked me
to talk to him and I talked to him.
Did you try to convince him?
What do you want. huh?
What the fuck do you want?
Do you need another loan?
You need somewhere to stay?
Fuck you.
How can I help you?
Oh. yeah. You wanna help me.
Like what? Like the way
you tried to convince Dad?
Did everything in your power to get him
to change his fucking narrow mind
and take me back?
Or did you just sit there like
a good boy with your mouth shut?
Like you always fucking do.
I did what you asked me to do.
Your life's not always gonna be
this perfect. Things happen to people.
And then you'll need me.
And then you'll know.
What the fuck
am I gonna know. Danny?
Huh?
What the fuck
are you even talking about?
Are you saying that I don't help you?
Are you saying that my
whole life I haven't tried to help you?
My whole fucking life.
that's what I've done.
I've fucking tried to protect you.
I've tried to protect big brother.
I'll leave tonight.
Don't do that.
The bonfire's tonight.
The pier dedication's in the morning.
The secret of life?
Knowing when to leave.
[♪♪♪]
[chattering in distance]
[all laughing]
What?
[people chattering indistinctly]
[♪♪♪]
[chattering indistinctly]
[John] You sure you don't wanna
stick around for the ceremony?
Are you asking me to stay?
Don't worry about it.
Hey. Danny.
Maybe I'll see you at Christmas. huh?
[♪♪♪]
[John] I always thought the greatest thing
that happened to me
was being born a Rayburn.
Now I'm not so sure.
I'm gonna tell you everything.
It's not very pleasant.
But it's the truth.
What we did to our brother...
we had to do.
Please don't judge us.
We're not bad people.
But we did a bad thing.
[gasping]
[♪♪♪]
♪ Will I live tomorrow? ♪
♪ Well. I just can't say ♪
♪ No. no sun coming through my windows ♪
♪ Feels like I'm living
At the bottom of a grave ♪
♪ I wish you'd hurry up and rescue me ♪
♪ So I can be on my miserable way ♪
♪ I don't live today ♪
♪ Maybe tomorrow
I just can't say ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm